I begin by deciding to become a record label. But I need to name my label, and decide which genres of music I'm going to specialize in. I'll customize my company info, too.

Start out with a blank slate. I am nothing, the lowest of the low. Others have made the charts, but I am new to the game. I need help. I need connections. I need to prove my worth as a label. 

At the top, there are the giant labels. International tours, huge artists with mega-fandom, thousands of unsolicited recordings arriving daily. People begging for a chance to meet them. Security, giant lobbies with bustling secretaries, perks and exotic business trips.

You want to change the status quo. You want to make something, or someone, fantastic. Yeah, well, get in line.

When you start out, the biggest problem is money. Everything is money. Without money, you can't sign even the crappiest, least popular artists. You need funding. But nobody wants to give you money, cause nobody thinks you're worth much. You have to prove them wrong.

Your friend wants to know what you think of song [x]. You listen, and tell them what you think. They think you've got talent, and recommend you to Mr. X, your first backer! Suddenly you have $20. What will you do with it?

You take a look around at the artists out there. You have enough money to start giving out hearts to artists you think are good. But choose carefully, because you'll get lot more points by choosing the songs people will like. And if any of your songs end up on the blacklist, then won't get as much airtime.

You choose your first artist to back. They really appreciate the support! They tell a couple other artists about you, who send you some recordings/press kits. [...]

You now have enough money to hire someone for your street team! Street team members will be granted access to your picks and your challenge records. Good street team members will want show tickets, backstage passes, and free tips. If they like the picks you send them, they'll do a much better job at promotion. So you pick a street team member and let them know about some of your picks.

At some point, another label in your genre challenges you. You accept the challenge, which pits one of their picks against one of yours.

You've gotten a few tips from your street team members, so you go check out the artists. If you pick them, your street team member appreciates it and becomes more helpful. They may refer more artists to you!

You've only made a couple of picks, but you have some money left. You should use it to back more songs!

After backing some songs, you realize that some labels have been bribing radio stations to play terrible music! Luckily, you have some power. You can convince the stations to blacklist these songs. Know a popular song worthy of blacklisting? Just remember, blacklisting costs money!

As time passes, others decide to give you funding. You gain supporters and recognition. You now have enough money to sign your first band.

You can't sign any band you want, yet, but some are available. Anybody who sent you a press kit, for example. Of course, the better your artist's songs do, the more money you'll make, so choose carefully!

In the future, make money:

*By listening to music
*When your picks or artists do well
*When your blacklists do "well"

Earn reputation:

*When your picks or artists do well
*When your blacklists do "well"
*By taking demographic prediction challenges
*By reviewing press kits

As you continue to do well, you get:
More genres
More money to hire street team
Opportunities to promote your artists


So you find people who are as poor as you. But they're good. You say, look, let me try to sell people this song. For every person who buys, I get a small commission. Since they're broke too, they agree, and off you go. Of course, they make you pay for a copy yourself.

You've got only 20 coins to your name. The song costs you 2. You can promote it, or hope that other people find it on their own eventually.

Pretty soon you're out of money. You can't even buy more songs. All that's left is your creativity and work ethic, and your faith in the artists you're backing. Oh yeah, and your friends. So you hire some friends to be part of your street team.

Eventually more people are backing the song. Ever backer brings more purchases and more commissions. But it's not enough - you have a little more cash