Friends come to visit:
Can watch a show

If your band doesn't play a show for a while, your groupies get bored.
"Groupie Level"?
When you switch venues, you bring along:
  Band members, instruments, outfits
  Music
  Stuff on the stage
  Groupies
  Bus
Stuff you can buy or get:
  Technicians
  Videographers and photographers
  Merch booths and ticket booths
  Concessions, gumball machines, photo booths, nonsense
  Stage accoutrements
  Backup band members (triangle player, etc)?
  Backstage chill spaces
    Furniture
    Bathrooms?
    Vanities?
  Costumes and other clothing
  Instruments  
  Bus, van, jet, other transportation  
  Security
  Bodyguards
When you level up:
  Your basic venue look (walls and floors) changes
  Your venue space increases (sometimes)
  Your stage space increases (sometimes, to a point)
  You get additional backstage rooms (sometimes)
Shows take about an hour? (Changes based on level?)
  Only one show per day
  When not playing shows, the band can be doing other things:
    Milling around the venue
    In a practice room
    Chilling out
    Eating?
  The more you sign in, the more you can prompt them to do things that help earn $$
  Once the band is ready to play a show, you'll stop earning money until they start playing
  Playing a show can eventually become like a mini game
  You get a bonus when you catch a friend's show
  
CHILL STATE:
  Technicians do stuff
  Customers (particularly groupies) go to ticket booth, buy limited concessions, mill around, stand
  Clock counts down to show time
  Band hangs out in some designated area, doing nothing, or:
    Greets fans (maybe backstage?)
    Practices
    Sleeps
    Eats
    Gives interviews
    Is in transit (not there)
SHOW STATE:
  Band plays/animates
  People dance, stand, buy lots of merch and concessions
  20? minute window at end of show for encore (+xp)
  Once show is over band leaves, people leave venue (except groupies)
  View switches to the next location
  People begin entering next location, buying tickets etc...

Clicking on a merch booth collects money and restocks the booth (if money is full)
Clicking on your ticket booth starts the show
If you don't play a show for a long time, your groupies get bored and become poachable (recruitable)
  Poaching a groupie causes them to disappear from the friend's venue (view switches to your venue, they buy a ticket and come in)
  
  
    